Hi, guys.
Walker In last lecture, we created this class which we called out of control.
Then within the class, we created a function which we called the of user.
You can just call this set of users.
Okay.
Then over the side of users function, we passed all those fields.
That's the whole name field, the user name field, the email field and the password field that also
we created a variable called address to store the possible error.
Okay.
Then we also created a try and cache block in the try block.
What we simply did was to create a check for all those fields.
That is, we said if all those fields are not empty, then only we want to create the user reads email
and password.
Then as well we stored the results in a variable called Create.
Write that over here we are simply printing the user name, the user email to the keyboard console and
as well we are sending a specific message to that user.
Okay.
Now, we also said, what if all this feels empty?
Then we want to send a message to the user which says These fields must not be empty.
Then as well we have a catch block, if possible, orders.
For some reason this doesn't affect.
It's probably some other issues we want to catch.
That's arrows.
Then we also provide that to history.
Then as well we are in the rest variable.
Okay, now it is lecture.
What they're going to do is they're going to use this function called inside of users.
Okay.
Now to do this, first of all, and what I use.
True.
And to make this wider.
Okay.
Now before we do anything else.
The first thing we're going to do is we are gonna initialize Firebase.
Okay.
We're going to go to middle.
That's fine.
Okay, now I'm going to use Control and B to make this wider.
Okay.
Now, over here.
What we can do for us is to pass the ACA, since we're going to be using the width.
Okay.
Now, what they're going to do is they're going to call the widget the flutter widget first before we
initialize our flutter.
So to do this, we can see before we initialize our five basic flutter.
Okay.
So we can set widgets.
We just.
Lotta find in.
The show, initialize up.
Okay.
Great.
Now, the next thing I want to do now we have just initialize the widgets.
So what I going to do?
This is our words.
There were no words for five days.
The governor said that.
So.
He's going to be fired.
Five days faster.
I think this is firebase does initialize app like grids.
It is control and save this.
Okay now the next thing you're going to do is we're going to go to our side of page.
So now I'm going to use control and B, so make this wider.
Then we're going to go to our screens, then our side of page.
Okay.
Now, whether he's going to try to make this wider.
Now, the first thing they are going to do is in order to have access to this imputes, that is their
value.
This is going to type in.
They're going to create a little test.
And it's in Portugal.
Okay.
Now they're going to go at the top of their.
So what we can do, we can create a.
Then there's going to be.
Cord on the score.
Full name.
Controller.
Okay, because I'm going to grab that hole and use is going to type these, right?
So this is going to be equal to test.
Says it did save controller.
Okay.
Now iswell, we can't give you type one most of the time because you can't avoid giving types.
So because it's a type of test, it is in controller.
Okay, great.
Now, I was going to do for the user the right.
Okay.
Is going to be fine as well.
First of all, you can just go ahead and give the type.
There's this on the score user name.
User name.
Crime thriller.
Right.
Is eager to test it.
Detain.
Controller.
So I believe you should have my studies a bit now so I can copy this.
Okay.
Right.
Then I'm going to paste this twice.
Like it is going to be.
Email.
Controller.
And this is going to be.
Password controller.
Now the next level, provide it to those fields we have.
Okay.
Now we're going to go first to the first field, which is the.
It's up for them.
They're going to say controller is going to be on this colorful.
Name.
Controller.
Okay.
I did try to cover it up with go to the second which the ETA username as well.
I want to say controller.
So.
Okay.
Control that is going to underscore the user name controller.
Now I'm going to go to the.
In midfield.
So there's going to be control as well.
So bring us down the score.
E-mail controller.
Right.
Okay.
Then I'm going to go to the password.
So there's gonna be a controller as well.
So it's going to be underscore.
Password controller.
Okay, great.
Now, with this, we have.
Listed for the imputes of that user not to get the value.
Okay.
Now what they're going to do, they're going to go to the register button.
This is the register button.
Right.
Now, what we can do is we can wrap this with a button because.
Clickable.
Okay.
So over this test, widgets, you can use control and dots.
Then you can wrap it with.
The equal.
Okay, we're which to get.
So there's going to be a big.
Well.
I think so.
I think in quote.
Okay.
Now we can have the on tap.
You can create a functional way.
Now, what I'm going to say, first of all, the pasta async as well, since I'm going to be using with
that to wait for lab results.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we can sit with.
Then they're going to have to have access to that site or sign up users.
Several of us have access to the arts, culture, the arts curricula.
That is a class.
They're going to see dots.
Okay.
So we need to call it illicit drugs.
Son of Jesus.
Okay, now for the full name.
This is going to be full name.
Comptroller Dodds says.
So with this we have the value in our hands.
So this is going to be using the for the school.
Username.
That's.
So he's under control controllers.
Okay.
There is going to be a test that this we need the value of what is is looked at and it's going to be
email.
Control the test.
Okay.
Therefore, the password is going to be on this code password.
Controller the test.
Okay, great.
Great.
Now, what we can do is we start this.
Okay.
Now I'm going to go to our sign off page.
What we're just going to do is open the book.
So.
You tell me now.
Okay.
Go, go, go, go.
Debug.
Console.
Okay.
Now the image has failed to load.
Now, what you can do is.
You can.
Yes.
I think.
Okay.
For some reasons.
The keyboard arrow coming out okay is going to.
Okay.
So you can see Mark.
Can.
Okay.
System, are you going to click or wait?
Mark, the user name is going to be Mark as well.
I think we're just going to squeeze that issue of image.
Okay, Elise.
And there's going to be like two male.
It's calm.
The password is going to be.
Why is he for now?
Okay.
Now I'm going to pick on the register.
Great.
You just have to wait a while.
Ack ack ack ack ack ack.
Takes a while to come out of that issue because it goes, you see the call.
Okay, great.
Now you can see we have the lack of HTML this code.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.